So here is a very helpful service named
Service Quotas.
So Service Quotas is a service that tells you
the quotas that you have within your accounts
and how close you are to reaching the thresholds.
The cool thing about it is that you can create
a CloudWatch Alarm on top of the Service Quotas console.
For example, like here, and you can say,
"Hey, I want to monitor how many
Lambda Concurrent Executions I have."
And then you set up the alarm threshold.
And in case you reach that threshold,
then you're going to get a notification.
So the Service Quota can monitor, for example,
any kind of quota available within your accounts,
for example, the Lambda Concurrent Execution quota.
And then if you go over 900,
and the limit is 1000 by default,
then you should trigger a CloudWatch Alarm.
And this will tell us as Administrators that we should
probably request a quota increase
for the Lambda Concurrency Execution,
because that means that we're maybe about to be
getting some kind of throttling.
And so this is super, super helpful,
not just for Lambda Concurrent Executions,
but for any kind of actions that may result in some errors
or some throttling.
The alternative is to use
Trusted Advisor with CloudWatch Alarms,
but Trusted Advisor is a less complete solution because
there's only a limited number of service limits checks
happening in Trusted Advisor, about 50.
And so that means that Trusted Advisor will only get a few
limits to be able to be monitored.
And all the results will still be in CloudWatch though
so if you want it to have a look at some service limits,
you can link it to CloudWatch and then again,
trigger a notification.
But I would recommend to use CloudWatch Alarms
mostly on the Service Quota service
because this is dedicated to monitoring all of your quotas
within your accounts.
So I will see you in the next lecture for some practice.